I would say about 90% of the
breakthroughs that underpin the modern
AI industry were done either by Google
brain or Google research or deep mind.
So one of our groups the returns are
kind of still very substantial although
they're a bit less than they were
obviously at the start of all of this
scaling. We have amazing guests on the
show but very few honestly will be
considered in the same realm as Newton
Turing Einstein. Our guest today is one
of the greatest minds on the planet and
I consider myself incredibly lucky to
have had the chance to sit down with
him. Those labs that have capability to
invent new algorithmic ideas are going
to start having bigger advantage over
the next few years as the last set of
ideas all the juices being rung out of
them.
>> This is a truly special one and one that
I'll remember for a very long time.
>> I think we could probably get 30 40%
more efficiency out of our national
grids.
>> Enjoy the episode and I so appreciate
the time we had with a very special
human being.
>> I sometimes quantify the coming of AGI
is 10 times the industrial revolution at
10 times the speed. Thrilled to welcome
Damis Albus at Deep Mind. Ready to go.
>> Deis, I'm so excited to be doing this.
Thank you so much for joining me today.
>> Great to be here.
>> Now, there are many places that we could
have start, but I was watching actually
the documentary that you did, which was
fantastic, and I actually wanted to
start on AGI. Mhm.
>> Definitions are very varying. You've
been very thoughtful about what it means
to you.
>> And so I wanted to start, can you
explain to me how you think about it
today so we get that as a kind of ground
center?
>> Yeah. Uh well, we've we've always
defined we've been very consistent how
we define AGI as basically a system that
exhibits all the cognitive capabilities
the human mind has. And that's important
because the brain is the only existence
proof we have that we know of in maybe
in the universe uh that general
intelligence is possible. So that for me
is the bar for what AGI should be.
>> It's the worst question. How close are
we?
Everyone everyone says different things
and it's very difficult when you have
you know very prominent figures saying
it could be as early as you know 2026
2027.
>> Yeah I mean I think look I've got a
probability distribution around um the
timings but I I would say there's a very
good chance of it being within the next
5 years. So that's not long at all.
>> Is that closer than you thought? Has
that changed over time?
>> Not really. I mean actually when you
when you uh it's funny um my co-founder
Shane Le who's chief scientist here um
uh when we started out Deep Mind back in
2010 he used to write blog posts sort of
predicting about uh when AGI would
happen. And bearing in mind in 2010 when
we started almost nobody was working in
AI and everyone thought AI
no one was reading it was a dead end.
No. And but they're still there on the
internet for people to check. And uh we
used to do this extrapolation of compute
and algorithmic uh progress. And
basically we predicted around 20 years
it would take from when we started out
and I think we're pretty much on track.
>> What are the biggest bottlenecks when
you look today? You know in in the
documentary you said you just never have
enough compute.
>> What are the biggest bottlenecks when
you look at where we are today?
>> I think compute is the big one. Not just
for the obvious reason of scaling up uh
your ideas and your systems as as you
know the scaling laws as they're called
you know keeping on building bigger and
bigger um architectures with more and
more parameters. Um and as you do that
you get more intelligent systems but the
other thing you need a lot of compute
for is for doing experiments. So um the
computers the cloud is our workbench
basically. So if you have a new idea, a
new algorithmic idea, but you want to
test it, you kind of got to test it at a
reasonable scale, otherwise it won't
hold when you actually put it into the
main system. So um you need quite a lot
of compute if you have a lot of
researchers with lots of new ideas.
>> You mentioned the word scaling laws.
>> A lot of people suggest that we're
hitting scaling laws and we're starting
to see that plateauing effect.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think that's true?
>> No, I don't think so. I think it's a bit
more nuanced than that. So um of course
when uh the leading companies all
started building these large language
models you're getting enormous jumps
with each generation of new system. Um
you know maybe they're almost like
doubling in performance. Uh at some
point that had to slow down. So it's not
kind of continuing to be exponential but
that doesn't mean there isn't great
returns uh still for scaling the
existing you know systems up further.
So, and we and the other frontier labs
are getting uh a lot of great returns on
on that kind of compute expansion. Um,
so I would say the returns are kind of
um still very substantial, although
they're a bit less than they were
obviously at the start of all of this
scaling.
>> Where are we behind where you thought we
would be?
>> Um, I think actually in most areas we
are ahead of where I thought we would
be. If you think about things like um
the video models or um even now with our
newest systems like Genie, they're
interactive world models. Um which I
think is kind of incredible if you sort
of step back and think about it. I think
if you'd shown me that 5 10 years ago, I
would have been pretty amazed. Um so I
think in most domains we're we we are
ahead of where um the field thought. Um
there's still some big things missing
though like continual learning. These
systems don't learn uh after you finish
training them, after you put them out
into the into the world. You know,
they're not very good at learning
further things. And I think some
critical capabilities that I'm sorry to
ask blunt and basic questions. Why do we
not have continuous learning today?
>> Um well, people haven't quite figured
out yet and all the leading labs are
working on this like how to integrate
new learning into the existing systems
that you know you spent months training.
Um so of course the brain does this very
elegantly, right? And um probably
through things like sleep reinforcement
learning. So you know you just kind of
get consolidation it's called in the
brain where you know your memories
during the day are replayed and then
some of that information is elegantly
incorporated into your existing
knowledge base and perhaps we I thought
for a while maybe we need something like
that uh to incorporate new information
along with uh uh the existing
information base. You mentioned video
models, you mentioned kind of media and
image. It seems that DeepMind has
progressed very quickly and caught up
slashovertaken other providers.
>> I think I've tweeted I think you liked
it, but I basically tweeted um what I
used and how it's changed over time and
Deep Mind Now is my number one for
research for new shows.
>> It wasn't that way before. what has led
to the acceleration and progression of
deep mind in a way that it wasn't maybe
there 2 to 3 years ago?
>> Yeah. Well, we made some organizational
changes. So, I think we've always had
the deepest and broadest research bench
at Google and at DeepMind. I mean, if
you look at the last decade uh or plus,
you know, 15 years, but I would say
about 90% of the breakthroughs that
underpin the modern AI industry were
done by either by Google Brain or uh
Google research or deep mind. one of our
groups um if you think of like Alph Go
and reinforcement learning and of course
transformers you know these are all the
key breakthroughs so I would back us to
sort of um make those breakthroughs in
the future uh if there are any missing
ones um and I think we've basically
helped put together all the talent from
around the company sort of pushing in
one direction uh and then we talked
earlier just about you know compute
resources it was also about combining
all of our resources together so we
could build the biggest models rather
than having two or three versions uh
around the the company. So I think a lot
of it was assembling together all the
ingredients we already had and then kind
of pushing with relentless sort of focus
and and and pace um acting almost like a
startup really uh to get back to the the
frontier and and be ahead in in many
areas.
>> You say if anyone's going to do the
breakthrough it could and should be us.
When you think about that is continuous
learning the next breakthrough that
you're most excited by?
>> I think there's quite a few things that
are missing. There's there's continual
learning. I think there's a lot of uh I
think a lot of mileage in looking at
different memory systems. Um at the
moment we have these long context
windows which are kind of a bit brute
force. You just put everything in them.
Um I think there's there's there's a lot
of uh uh interesting probably
architectures to be invented there. Um
and then there's stuff like uh long-term
planning, you know, hierarchical
planning. These systems are not very
good at planning at long time horizons,
you know, many years into the future. uh
which we as you know with our minds we
can do so um there's quite a lot of uh
uh problems I think that's still left to
overcome maybe one of the biggest is
consistency so you know the I sometimes
call these systems jagged intelligences
because they're really amazing at
certain things uh when you pose the
question in a certain way but in if you
pose a question in a slightly different
way they can actually still fail at
quite elementary things so a general
intelligence shouldn't be that sort of
jagged
>> when you reposition files and you set up
agents to perform in certain ways and
then the files fall over configure it
completely falls over.
>> Exactly.
>> 100%.
>> That's a disaster.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean the general
intelligence, you know, if you think
about how our minds work, it shouldn't
have those kinds of holes in it.
>> We said about a plateauing of scaling
was everyone talks about a
commoditization of models in terms of
capabilities. Do you think we see that
or do you think we see one to two
continuously accelerate ahead of the
others? Yeah, I feel like uh maybe you
know the the the the three or four
leading labs now of which we're one I
think the gap is sort of um starting to
pull away because uh a lot of these
tools also of course help you build the
next generation. So things like coding
tools, math tools and it's getting
harder and harder I would say to kind of
ek out the same uh gains from just the
same ideas. So I think those labs that
have capability to you know invent new
algorithmic ideas are going to start
having bigger advantage over the next
few years as as the the last set of
ideas are sort of um you know all the
juices being rung out of them.
>> I mean you know you were very open with
a lot of your research for years and we
see many very good quality open models.
How do you think about the future of
open? I have many portfolio companies
that kind of use frontier models and
then they use that to set a benchmark
and then they use open models to kind of
get as close as possible but with more
cost effectiveness.
>> What does that future look like?
>> Yeah, I think it's probably similar to
what we're seeing today. I mean we're
we're big supporters of of open science
and and open models and we've done many
many things obviously from from the
original Transformers to to AlphaFold
you know these are all uh things we sort
of given out into the world and to help
the the the research community and we
plan to continue to do that especially
in applied domains you know scientific
domains applying AI to science which is
obviously my passion um but uh I I think
increasingly um you know what you're
going to see is the open source models
probably one step back from the absolute
frontier. Um you know it usually takes
about 6 months for the open source
community to sort of reimplement and
figure out what those ideas are. Um but
we are also uh pushing hard on a kind of
suite of open source models called Gemma
which are you know we're determined to
kind of make best-in-class for their
sizes. So specifically for small
developers or um academics uh or or you
know the beginnings of a startup I think
they're perfect for that and also edge
computing too. So we're very interested
in open source models for certain types
of um applications.
>> How do you think about a world post
LLMs? You have different people with
different views. You Yan Lun with very
different views.
>> For me, I don't think it's uh you know,
I kind of disagree with Yan on a few
things in terms of um I think there
might be there's a 50/50 chance there's
some things maybe missing that we still
need to make breakthroughs in perhaps
their world models. um uh these kinds of
uh approaches. But my betting is uh
pretty strongly is we've seen how
successful these foundation models have
been. They can do incredibly impressive
things. I don't think that's going to go
away. We're still seeing seeing you know
gains from the returns from the scaling
laws. Um so my I think the only question
really is when you think about a future
AGI system is you know is an LLM
foundation model going to be the key
component only or is it the total system
right so I just think it's it's a
question of um uh you know is there
anything else needed not is it not I
don't think it's going to get replaced I
think it's going to get built on top of
these foundation models just like the
way we do with our world models
>> when we think about that future 5 years
out as you said potentially with AGI
what does that world look like? Many
people have different concerns.
>> Yeah.
>> If we just start generally, what does
that world look like to you?
>> I think on the positive side and the
things obviously I've I've spent my
whole career in life building towards
AGI is I think it will be the ultimate
tool for science and medicine. So in
terms of advancing scientific discovery
um finding cures to diseases, I think we
need that kind of technology. And so I'm
hoping um in 5 years plus time we'll be
sort of entering a new golden era,
golden age of scientific discovery.
>> Uh so my mother's got multiple cerosis.
So it's like something it's the thing
that I'm always most excited about. The
thing I worry about is actually kind of
drug discovery, the process of getting
it through all the trials and knowing
that it takes a decade before my mother
will actually get any benefits from it.
>> How do we solve that?
>> I think we'll get to that point soon.
First of all, what we're doing is, you
know, after we did the alpha fold
project to do protein folding, um, then
we spun out a company called Isomorphic
Labs, which is doing extremely well. And
that is supposed to, you know, the idea
there is we're focusing on solving the
rest of the drug discovery process,
which is a lot of chemistry, designing
the compounds, uh, checking it's not
toxic and all the different properties
you need for for drugs to be safe. Um, I
think we'll have that whole drug design
engine ready in, you know, the next 5
plus 5 to 10 years. then you're right.
The next problem is the clinical trials
still take uh many many years, right? Um
and but I think AI can help there in
terms of um maybe simulating uh parts of
the human uh metabolism. Um also
stratifying patients to make sure that
certain patients get exactly the right
type of drug that's suitable for their
uh genomic makeup. Um and so I think AI
can help there too. But I think the real
revolution will come when a few maybe a
dozen or so AI drugs get through the
whole process. Uh and then the
government and the regulatory bodies see
that and they have enough data to sort
of uh back test the predictions of those
models and then maybe what we can do
will be in the future where maybe 10
further years where um we can really
just trust the predictions uh that the
models are making and actually then
maybe skip out some steps perhaps like
the animal testing is not needed
anymore. maybe we can go up the dosage
uh uh uh ladder quicker um because you
can rely on these models. So I think we
got to do in two steps. Solve the drug
design problem first and then look at
the regulatory uh length of time it
takes.
>> Speaking of regulatory AI safety is a
big topic and a big concern. I think it
was again I watched it last night over
dinner which was a great watch which is
obviously the documentary and I think it
was Stephen Hawking who said we must get
it right because we might not get
another chance.
Do you think that's right?
>> Yeah, I do think that's right. I think
that is the the the the stakes uh that
that uh you know we have to deal with
and um you know there's two things I
worry about. One is the misuse of these
systems by bad actors and they can be
repurposed. These are dualpurpose
technologies. They can be used for
incredible good in science and health as
we've just discussed but they can also
be repurposed for harmful ends by a bad
actor. So that's one issue. Second issue
is a technical one. Making sure these
systems as they get more powerful, not
today's systems, but maybe in a year or
two's time when they become more
agentic, more autonomous, as we get
towards AGI, um can they be kept on the
guardrails that we want. Um, and I think
regulation, the right kind of regulation
could help here in terms of making sure
there's at least sort of minimum
standards from all of the uh uh leading
providers, but it needs to ideally be a
kind of international uh standards.
>> What is the right kind of regulation?
And again, I'm kind of quoting yourself
back from this documentary. You're like,
I think we need more global
coordination, which worries me because
we're getting worse at it.
>> Yes.
>> Which I think would be an unwavering
truth.
>> Yes, for sure. I mean, that's it's sort
of crazy the timing that we're in,
right, with this most consequential
maybe technology the world's ever seen.
Um, at the same time as a very
fragmented sort of international uh uh
system and uh it's not ideal, but I
think we're going to have to try and do
the best we can to at least come up with
a sort of set of min maybe minimum
standards, some benchmarks that test for
undesirable properties. For example,
deception. you don't you know nobody
wants should be building systems that
are capable of deception because then um
they could be getting around other
safeguards u and then I imagine you know
if things go well some kind of
certification process that basically
it's almost like a kite mark of you know
quality that this model um has certain
uh uh safeguards and certain guarantees
uh and so therefore um consumers and
companies can safely sort of build on
top of it and I think that is how it
should go ideally. Um but it does have
to be international because of course
these systems are crossborder and you
know they're they're cross territory.
>> Who is that like ultimate verification
system? I you know you obviously started
with theme park.
>> Yes.
>> Uh
yeah brilliant. Don't put the burgers
down too close to the roller coaster. Um
but you know obviously as a media
company I go through any media platform
saying I don't know what's real or fake.
I'm always having to ask what's real or
fake. Who is that arbiter of
verification?
>> Yeah. Well, I think there I mean
ultimately it's got to be government I
think but um you know the kind of
technical bodies that would um be able
to do the technical work would be like
maybe the AI safety institutes you know
there's a very good one in the UK that
uh uh you know was set up under Prime
Minister Sak and I think is doing great
work and there's one in the US and maybe
some of the leading countries that have
the best research should also have an
equivalent body that is staffed with
highquality researchers too um that can
actually evaluate and audit these kinds
of systems uh against certain benchmarks
and um I kind of like independently
check whether they are meeting the right
standards.
>> If I could give you like a magic wand
that was only applicable to AI safety
sav uh what would be your implementation
idea program that you would put in place
with this magic wand? Yeah, I think we
need some kind of um uh international
body maybe similar to the atomic agency
something like that that perhaps the the
AI safety institutes sort of feed into
and the research community has to also
do this and be involved in like what are
the right set of benchmarks to check
what types of traits what types of
capabilities uh maybe there are other
safeguards too like um you know it's it
wouldn't be desirable to have uh AI
systems um output tokens that are not
human readable. So you know in some kind
of machine language that we couldn't
understand. I think that would in you
know introduce a new vulnerability. So
there's quite a few sort of things like
that which I think most of the leading
labs uh would agree are probably not
best to do. Um and then these uh these
bodies would uh you know these
institutions would test against those
things and I think that would give the
public confidence and um and you know
academia could be involved as well as
well as civil society that these uh
systems which are going to get
incredibly powerful um have been
independently uh checked and audited.
>> That's it. Your magic wand's done now.
That was the one.
>> Maybe I used on the wrong thing but
>> time will tell.
>> Yes. Exactly. you said there about um
science being one of the most exciting
areas in five years time.
>> I have to ask it because it's one of the
biggest concerns is the labor
displacement problem. I just had Mark
Andre on the show actually and he said
that I was a he said I was a Marxist for
I know which I was like for bringing
Yeah. Mark's wonderful so I'm not
blaming him but he was like it's
completely rubbish.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't agree with it at all. We've
always over pass overcome it. M
>> how do you think about the labor
displacement problem when you look at
how truly capable these systems are
>> and what that does to labor markets?
>> Well, certainly you know in the past uh
with every new revolutionary technology
there's been a lot of uh jobs uh
disruption. So that's for sure and I
think that's definitely going to happen.
So a lot of old jobs you know go away or
not viable anymore but then actually uh
the history of it is that um a whole set
of new jobs arrive that maybe one can't
even imagine before and those are high
quality higher paying. So that's the
normal course. Of course you have to be
very careful to say this time is
different and um I guess that's what
people like Mark are claiming is like
you know it's the same as as as the last
sort of you know 10 massive
breakthroughs like the internet, mobile
and so on. Um I do think this is going
to be bigger uh than all of those
previous uh uh breakthroughs uh
technological breakthroughs. I mean I
sometimes quantify like AGI at the
coming of AGI as like 10 times the
industrial revolution uh at 10 times the
speed. So unfolding over a decade
instead of a century. So if you you know
I've been reading a lot about the
industrial revolution. There's a lot of
great books about it and um that caused
a huge amount of upheaval as well as a
lot of advances. I mean we wouldn't have
modern medicine today. Child mortality
was at 40% back in back pre-industrial
revolution. So things things you
wouldn't want it not to have happened
but ideally this time around we uh
mitigate some of the downsides a bit
better than we did during the industrial
revolution. I often listen to amazing
voices like yours and I get very excited
by how fast it's coming. Yeah. And then
I try and stop myself from being too
useful and think ah I should be more
wise and I'm told that you know we
always overestimate what can be done in
a year and underestimate what can be
done in 10.
>> Is that the truth here or is it actually
coming faster than we
>> No, I I think that's still the truth. I
mean maybe all the both time scales of
short-term and long-term are nearer than
than than other technologies. But I do
think like literally today as of today
and in the next year things are a bit
overhyped in AI. I mean there couldn't
be any more hyped in some ways. Uh but
on the other hand interestingly I still
think it's still very underappreciated
how revolutionary this is going to be in
the in the sort of time scale of about
10 years. So we could call that long
term. So there's still that dichotomy
even even today with AI
>> with the concern around labor markets.
There's also a concern around income
inequality and the concentration of
wealth to few players.
>> How do you see that shaping out with the
comment on industrial revolution and
what happens there?
>> Well, I think there's different ways
that could play out. So, um, you know,
maybe pension funds should be buying
into all the big AI companies and making
sure that everyone has a piece of that
or sovereign funds, maybe everyone,
every country should have a sovereign
wealth fund that does that. that would
be the sort of um uh investment way of
doing it. I think also there needs to be
thinking thought about if there is uh
this massive uh productivity gain but
it's sort of narrow where that occurs
you know how do we redistribute and and
how do we distribute that um so that
everyone benefits from uh uh these huge
gains and I can see all sorts of ways
that could be done including like
providing sort of infrastructure and
other things um with that additional
productivity gain I mean there could be
unbelievable things happening in the 5
to 10 year time scale including like a
breakthrough through in some kind of
renewable free energy. You know, maybe
we sold fusion. Uh we're working on
that, right, with with with our partners
at Commonwealth Fusion. Um uh I think AI
is going to usher in, you know, maybe we
have amazing new superconductors, better
batteries, you know, material science.
There's all sorts of ways I could see
that completely changing the nature of
the economy.
>> How how do we solve the energy crisis
that comes with an AI revolution? What
it means in terms of energy requirements
is unprecedented.
I know it's an incredibly hard question
which I'm delving from really hard
question to really but how do we solve
that unprecedented need for new energy?
>> Well, I think actually um AI will in the
in the medium to long run uh more than
pay for itself. I think in terms of
energy costs in so you know we work on
all these projects of like optimizing
existing infrastructure like optimizing
the grid. I think we could probably get
30 40% more efficiency out of our
national grids. Um and then there's like
modeling the climate and weather and we
have all sorts of the best kind of
weather modeling systems in in in the
world. So that helps us work out where
the effects are really happening to
mitigate that. Uh and then finally the
most exciting maybe is like these new
breakthrough technologies like fusion
like new batteries uh superconductors
that I think uh AI will be essential for
helping us reach and then I think we'll
be in a completely new energy situation
than we've ever been as humanity where
uh and then that will of course help
with things like the climate and
environment um and eventually also help
us um get into space much more cheaply
because if you have a you know an
incredible energy source like fusion
um then you have effectively unlimited
rocket fuel because you can just um
distill catalyze sea water.
>> I'm not going to ask you to solve space.
Don't worry then.
>> My my question was on being in the UK.
>> Yeah,
>> you're in London. I'm in London. I'm
very proud to be in the UK.
>> You have been, I'm sure, pushed or
prodded at every turn to move to the US.
>> Why have you stayed?
>> Well, um I should ask you that question,
too. But I think uh I think I saw in
London when we started Deep Mind as a
place that and and the UK in general and
and Europe in some to some degree
there's incredible talent here. You know
we've always had I don't know what it is
three or four of the top 10 universities
in the world with Cambridge and Oxford
Imperial or UCL these kind of
universities. So we're producing um kind
of the envy of the world really these
amazing graduates and PhD students. Um
we have incredible scientists here. We
got rich heritage of that all the way
from you know cheuring and and hawking
and Darwin uh Newton. So you know we
have this incredible history of of of
scientific breakthroughs and having
great thinkers. So I felt we had all the
ingredients uh and the talent and great
engineers here but it just hadn't been
galvanized into uh an ambitious startup
idea deep tech startup idea. and and
that's what I but I I felt it was
possible and I felt that there was
actually less competition here for that
sort of talent and we could even draw in
the best talent from the top uh European
universities and that's what it was like
in the early days of deep mind. So I
think it was a huge structural advantage
for us and then the final thing is maybe
being a bit away from the valley. There
is some disadvantage in that you're not
plugged into the network and the gossip
and the the latest trends and vibes and
all these things. We're a little bit out
of it here, but um it does I think it's
very conducive to to thinking deeply
about things, being more original about
how you think. And I think that's great
for things like deep tech where you know
you don't want to be distracted by the
latest fad. You want to you you know
it's going to be a 20 emission which is
what we knew at the beginning of deep
mind. So I think being a little bit away
from that um maelstrom is quite good. I
mean, Palmer lucky at Angel often talks
about being 400 miles away from the
valley. It's core to his kind of
innovative thinking.
>> Yes, we're a few thousand miles away,
but yeah,
>> terrible question. Will Europe have a
trillion dollar company? You know, you
see the Americans always bash us for our
lack of large companies. I ping Daniel
Ek and be like, "Come on, dude. That's
exactly
>> but we don't have a trillion dollar
company."
>> Not yet. I mean, Daniel may well get
there with one of his companies. You
know, Spotify, Hell Singh, I think those
are two good options. I think there's no
reason why we can't have that. I'm I'm
going to try and do that with Isomorphic
U which is headquartered here uh and I
think has the potential to be that. But
I think that's one of the disadvantages
of Europe is obviously we're combination
of you know um smaller markets. So
that's one thing we have to kind of
overcome. Maybe this EU inc thing um
could be a good innovation.
>> I'm pulling out the magic wand again.
You can change you've got the magic but
this time applied to European
technology.
>> What would you do to implement a growth
mindset? a ability to build that
trillion dollar company that we don't
have today.
>> I think in the UK, I mean this may apply
to other European countries too. I think
unlocking what pension funds can invest
in or just for the kind of growth stage,
I think we're brilliant at doing the
startup idea and getting it to a certain
level like we did with Deep Mind. But
then if you really want to cross that
sort of chasm into the trillion dollar
uh global, you know, player, then where
are the billion dollar rounds going to
come from? uh where you can really take
on those that the you know the existing
incumbents and I think that certainly
was missing 10 years ago when I was
doing fundraising for Deep Mind and um I
think it's still kind of missing today
just that kind of level of ambition and
and the amount the capital markets can
can support.
>> I read about some of your early rounds
raising in the S Malibu
families kids. Exactly.
>> Um okay we're going to do a quick fire
round meeting Elon for the first time.
>> How was that? Oh yeah, it was amazing.
Um, it was at a it was at a founders
fund because we were both SpaceX and
DeepMind were part of a same portfolio,
a kind of amazing portfolio that Peter
Teal had at Founders Fund and uh I think
we were both invited I think I was
invited to my first portfolio kind of
conference and I think it must be back
in 2011 or 2012 very early days. So we
were the small little upcoming thing and
I had a small speaking slot and then and
then and then and then Elon was the you
know big thing in that portfolio. So, he
had the keynote, but then we met
afterwards. I think it was in Elon says
it was like we were passing each other
in the bathroom or something and uh we
said hi and we both hit off, you know,
immediately like uh as sort of, you
know, people that were uh almost too
ambitious in their thinking perhaps and
love sci-fi and um and and I really
wanted to visit his rocket factory. So,
I was sort of trying to get an Angular
invite to to SpaceX and and uh in LA and
I think I got there a couple, you know,
he invited me at the end of that meeting
and and that was our second meeting in
in the space effects factory.
>> I love it. Not even speaking slots as
big as his.
>> I don't know about that.
>> Healthcare revolution disease
eradication that you're most excited
about. Again, for me it's specifically
with multiple scerosis.
>> Yeah. Well, look, I want to literally
cure cancer. I know people say that's
the cliche, but I actually what we're
building at isomorphic is general
purpose. So we're trying to build a a
platform, a drug design platform that
will be applicable to any therapeutic
area. So ideally it will help with
everything from neurogeneration,
cardiovascular, immunology, cancer.
Those are the ones we're we're focusing
first, but eventually it should be
applicable to every disease area.
>> What are you thinking about that you're
not reading about or seeing anyone talk
about?
Um I think it's more so I think a lot of
people are worrying about the economic
questions around AGI uh that we talked
about earlier but I I worry a lot about
the philosophical questions around it
like when it comes let's say assume we
get the technical right let's assume we
get the economical economics part of it
right both of those are hard then
there's a philosophical question of what
is meaning what is purpose um we'll find
out won't be what consciousness is um
what does it mean to be human I think
that's uh uh what's coming down the road
and I think we need some great new
philosophers to help us to help us uh
navigate that.
>> Hard final question.
>> There are many different ways you could
describe what you do. What would you
most like to be remembered for your
legacy to be?
>> Um I would like uh my legacy to sort of
be remembered for like advancing science
um and doing uh building technologies
that bring incredible benefits into the
world like curing terrible diseases.
Dis, thank you so much for putting up
with my meandering conversation. You've
been fantastic. I really appreciate it.
>> Thank you very much.